Add Fugu landing page (#3391)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/fugu-showcase/index.md

subhead: >
  The Project Fugu API Showcase is a collection of apps that make use of APIs that were conceived in
  the context of Project Fugu.

> description: The Project Fugu API Showcase is a collection of apps that make use of APIs that were conceived in the context of Project Fugu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Project Fugu API Showcase is a collection of apps that use APIs created in the context of Project Fugu.
```

Author: This PR is far from being in a reviewable state, but thanks, I’ll happily take this drive-by review.

Reviewer: Sorry about that. It looked like it was ready when I came in.
